# Medication Details Screen


## MDV

### Refill
- [ ] Helper Text:
    - Update your active vial using one dialog? This makes no sense at all and is not helpful. It needs to be:
        - [ ] Refill or top up the active vial. 
        - [ ] Action:
            - [ ] Replace the entire vial with fresh reconstituted vial or Top Up current active vial ( Use this to add a new active vial to the current one. We never recommend using the same active vial. This means that you have 2 vials the current active, and the new reconsituted vial for a total volume. This can be used when running low to ensure a smooth transition.) I need you to word his in a professional manner. 
        - [ ] Do not assume 5mL or the past same reconsitution amount. The user may want to change this. 

- [x] Reconstitute calculator: 
    - [x] When opening the background at the top goes white. 
    - [x] When opening should init with the settings that were saved for that medication. 
- [x] Should be able to manually enter the Volume. If it is set at the init it should have helper text to inform what ahs set it. From previous Reconstitution, from new reconstitution or manually set. 
- [x] Top up needs a manual volume entry and needs to state what the current concentration is and what it would be new. SO it also needs a strenght of the top. 
- [ ] The entire flow of this dialog needs rethinkin.  use drop downs instead of radio boxes. 
    - [ ] This is just a maybe thought:
        - [ ] Replace or top up,
        - [ ] Same recon, new recon, or enter volume
        - [ ] Use sealed vial stock or other



### Restock

## Reconstitution Card

- [x] Saved Recon card needs to show the units calculated. 
    - [ ] This is not completed. The Card that displays is NOT showing the Units for the syringe or the syringe size. 
- [ ] Editing a Recon should jump back the the current saved recon.
    - Diluent name is saved
    - desired dose is not
    - all other settings are not saved. All settings for recons need to be saved, and saved attached to that medicine.


## App Header
 
- [ ] Type Chip and Manufacturer are overlapping on smaller res screen. Nothing should ever overlap in this space. App header should expand to contain all objects. 
- [ ] Expiry text when red is unreadable on blue background. 


## Reports Card

### History
- [ ] All historical Doses need to Include, Med Name, Scheduled Time, Taken Time. (Scheudled Time and Time Taken probably need new database entires.)

## Schedule
- [x] Reduce size of active card by 30%. Less rounder corners. 

### Saved Schedules
- [x] Remove the time. 
- [x] Move the Status icon to the right. 
- [ ] Move the details below the name.
- [ ] Schedules Shoul gave numbers from database.


#### Expanded
- [ ] Expanded is missing data. 
- [ ] Expanded edit button is too big. move to right
 



## Medication Details Card
- [ ] 
